update docs (#3510)
rapidsai/cugraph: docs/cugraph/source/index.rst

Welcome to RAPIDS Graph documentation
=====================================
RAPIDS Graph covers a range of graph libraries and packages, that includes:

> * cugraph: focuses on GPU accelerated graph algorithms.
> * cugraph-ops: focuses on GNN aggregators and operators.
> * cugraph-service: focuses on wrapping graph features as a service.
> * cugraph-pyg:  focuses on exposing features under the Graph umbrella into the PyG framework.
> * cugraph-dgl:  focuses on exposing features under the Graph umbrella into the DGL framework
> * wholegraph: focuses on GNN training using shared memory.

Reviewer: just a suggestion:
```suggestion
* cugraph: GPU-accelerated graph algorithms
* cugraph-ops: GPU-accelerated GNN aggregators and operators
* cugraph-service: multi-user, remote GPU-accelerated graph algorithm service
* cugraph-pyg:  GPU-accelerated extensions for use with the PyG framework
* cugraph-dgl:  GPU-accelerated extensions for use with the DGL framework
* wholegraph: shared memory-based GPU-accelerated GNN training
```
